seven and a half right yeah thank you
welcome to the seven and a half floor of
the american plumber ability
my name is punch Worthen I have
interview with dr. Lester please have a
seat mr. Morris hamish warts
my name is warts which of these two
letters comes first this one of us the
symbol on the left is not a letter sir
damn you're good do you know that I
don't even know your name or where you
work and 50 other lines to get into a
girl's pants Kristen here so honey you
thought anymore about us having a baby
I think that maybe she's wait to see if
this job thing pays off there's a tiny
door in my office Maxine and it takes
you inside John Malkovich
there's no such thing as a hole in
somebody's wedding yes there is
you see the world through John
Malkovich's eyes and after about 15
minutes not for me I didn't say that
there's been a harder to dish on cyber
the Drizzt oh it's amazing
do you think that it's kind of weird
that john malkovich has a portal I mean
do you think that it might have some
significance what is going on huh
I discovered that portal it's my head
John Cusack Cameron Diaz Catherine
Keener and John Malkovich Malkovich be
John Malkovich